---
datePublished: '2016-08-31T21:36:09.685Z'
inFeed: true
author: []
via: {}
dateModified: '2016-08-31T21:35:19.982Z'
title: Idea Lab
publisher: {}
description: We make sure your idea is viable.
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-08-31-idea-lab.md
_type: Blurb

---
# **Idea Lab**

We make sure your idea is viable.

Idea LAB

Everybody has good ideas -- We make sure your idea is viable.  
Ideation is the process of forming ideas or concepts.  
If you're reading this chances are you know you need something to help you engage your patients or customers. You've heard about "Gamification" but aren't really sure what it is. The good news is there is a solution to your troubles. We can help you create it.  
You know your business. We know games. You are the experts in your fields; we partner your knowledge with ours. You need an engaging experience and we provide it. We have done it frequently.  
How do we do that? We learn your needs AND the needs of your end user. By taking time to understand the needs of the end user we can create an engaging experience tailored for your users. With your help and involvement we provide an engaging INTERACTIVE experience. We are experts at doing this.  
A lot of our clients don't know what is possible. WE DO! Our ideas work. That's where we really add value to your project. We have over 16 years of game, app and interactive design experience. We have a pulse on the latest technologies and we know what it takes to build it. So the ideas we create are viable.

Send an email to [info@thegamefirm.com][0]

Tell us a little about your company and what you're hoping to accomplish. We'd be happy to help.

[0]: mailto:info@thegamefirm.com